
src\Form\ChangePasswordForm.php:17:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\ChangePasswordForm.php:54:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\CommentTypeForm.php:17:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\CommentTypeForm.php:57:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\CommentTypeForm.php:80://     public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\ProjectType.php:22:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\ProjectType.php:88:                'query_builder' => function (UserRepository $repo) {
src\Form\ProjectType.php:102:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\RegistrationFormType.php:20:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\RegistrationFormType.php:72:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\RegistrationFormType.php:109://     public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\ResetPasswordRequestForm.php:13:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\ResetPasswordRequestForm.php:27:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\TagTypeForm.php:19:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\TagTypeForm.php:63:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\TaskListType.php:18:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\TaskListType.php:46:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\TaskType.php:29:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\TaskType.php:102:            'query_builder' => function (EntityRepository $er) use ($project) {
src\Form\TaskType.php:125:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void
src\Form\TaskType.php:135:    // public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\TaskType.php:183:    //             'choice_label' => function (User $user) {
src\Form\TaskType.php:239:    //             'choice_label' => function ($tag) {
src\Form\TaskType.php:251:    //             'query_builder' => function (EntityRepository $er) use ($project) {
src\Form\UserTypeForm.php:22:    public function buildForm(FormBuilderInterface $builder, array $options): void
src\Form\UserTypeForm.php:113:    public function configureOptions(OptionsResolver $resolver): void


